Adds possibility to define portRef for extra ingresses (#50)
nano-byte/helm-charts: charts/generic-service/README.md

| `ingress.istio.httpHeaders`                     | `{}`                        | Custom HTTP response headers                                                                             |
| `ingress.istio.retries`                         | `{}`                        | [Istio retry policy](https://istio.io/docs/reference/config/networking/virtual-service/#HTTPRetry)       |
| `ingress.extra.*.class`                         | same as `ingress.class`     | Additional ingress controller to use (not applicable if `ingress.istio.enabled`)                         |

> | `ingress.extra.*.port`                          | same as `ingress.port`      | Additional service port ingress traffic is routed to (not applicable if `ingress.istio.enabled`)       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ingress.extra.*.port`                          | same as `ingress.port`      | Additional container port ingress traffic is routed to (not applicable if `ingress.istio.enabled`)       |
```

> | `ingress.extra.*.portRef`                       |                             | Reference to existing extra ingress to replicate its port configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ingress.extra.*.portRef`                       |                             | Reference to the name of another extra ingress to share its container port                               |
```
